In the first row,
we try to create a vector that
has multiple repeated values.
In this case we want to have
the value 3.2 repeated ten times.
The first argument being
the value we want to repeat and
the second argument being how
many times we want to repeat it.
In this case we assign it
to the argument times so
the function knows how to interpret it.
We see here that the outcome
is a vector of ten values 3.2.
In the second row, we try to create
a vector that spans numbers between
zero and one, with increments of
0.1 in between consecutive numbers.
The outcome is a vector of value 0.0,
0.1, 0.2, and so on until 1.0.
The third line achieves the same
goal as the second line, but
instead of calling the function
seq with an increment argument,
we call the function with
an argument specifying how many
values we want the vector to contain.
In this case we basically say we
want 11 values between zero and
one that are equally spaced and
we get the same vector.
Creating such sequences of values that
span to extreme values is very important
in order to create grids that can be
used to graph data and functions.